the Legion developer QA in a nutshell
we are in real Azeroth
illidan slightly pissed off at us
it's dollar on slightly tweaked
we work in flying in 70 pillars of
creation used by old knobs to fix a fowl
tear in the world now it's open spooky
largest profession team ever
unprofessional West's
and that's pretty much it for the
content of the developer Q&A there
really wasn't a great deal of substance
to it it was mainly just them throwing
back and cutting to recaps of the dance
competition the live raid and the
costume contest but as the old saying
goes when life gives you lemons make
lemon meringue pie and have some fun
with it so rather than get all pissed
off and sold the I follow would just be
more fun to run with it and have a bit
of a laugh but anyway essentially that
is what they covered their the main
points my notes will be up on the screen
now that I took when i was listening to
it so that's the full detail pretty much
they didn't go over that much additional
information on top of what we already
covered yesterday on my video about the
various fansite interviews it was rather
unfortunate that we didn't get much
depth here it was a very very quick
thing which really wasn't what we were
led to expect oh and it should go
without saying but obviously no harm to
anyone who is actually in the video it's
just a bit of fun sometimes things can
be just fun there doesn't need to be a
big lofty message anyway let me know
what sort of stuff you'd like to see
with them Legion and is there any stuff
in around six to that you are
interesting seeing on the channel also
slight update on the transvaal
competition as you can see I have sort
of developed my methods of editing since
I announced the transmode competition
was a rough idea and probably within the
next month I will get that going and
we'll be doing some really cool stuff
with the editing so it can basically be
kind like a real treat to watch anyway
that's it for me thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time